Stephen Marshbrook?
- Yes?
Do you have any idea who might
have done this. Rose?
No. he was just an ordinary man.
She is on probation.
She sets one foot wrong.
I want to know about it.
Try not to shag anyone this time.
Man had it. The one who shot Dad.
Here.
- Like a tattoo?
Find out what's going on in this family.
Go on. bugger off!
He thinks he can look after himself.
So. don't freak out.
All right. love.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Morning.
All right. look...
- You shouldn't have done that.
You shouldn't have chucked him out.
You don't know him.
Yeah. I know. but I want to.
Is that so weird.
wanting to know your own dad?
No. it's not. Of course it's not.
But. look. he made choices.
He can't just waltz back in
like nothing happened.
Without even calling.
- And what if he had done?
What if he'd called?
Would you have even answered?
That isn't...
It's not the point.
It's just... Look...
Just. look...
Not everyone's cut out
to be a parent. Rob.
So. erm...
What are we going to do?
Nothing. We're not going to do anything.
We're just going to get on
with our lives. as usual.
Just pretend like it never happened.
And if he turns up again. you just...
tell him you're not interested
and walk away.
And not a word to your gran. please.
Just...
The last we need is her getting
involved. all right?
OK.
OK. I love you.
Both of you.
See you later.
And what about his eyes?
What colour were his eyes?
I don't know. I can't...
Oliver. you're doing brilliantly.
Honestly.
Yeah. you're doing great.
His face was more...
...thin.
More like that?
Yeah.
I think so.
What about his voice?
Did he have an accent?
Yeah? Did he sound like
he was from round here?
No.
He's getting tired now.
I think we should take a break.
Of course. Of course.
I think we've probably got
everything we need.
Can we get copies of that. please?
Yes. of course.
- Thank you.
Have you found him yet?
No. But this is going to be
a great help. Oliver.
No. not him. The other one.
What other one?
- The boy.
What boy?
The boy on the bike.
Outside my house.
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
The stolen van.
The Wi-Fi being cut off.
The execution-style killing.
Everything points to this being
a professional job.
One bit of positive news
is that we've had a breakthrough
with Oliver.
Lisa and Med have got him talking.
Established a rapport.
Mostly Lisa's doing. to be fair.
So. now we do have a detailed
description of the killer.
Stu. Eddie...?
We've gone through the database.
Tattoos from arrests
made in the last ten years. UK-wide.
There's no exact match
to Oliver's drawing.
But this symbol. the double-headed eagle.
it turns up in various places.
like coats of arms. insignia. flags.
Including the national flags
of Serbia. the Russian Federation
and this one. Albania.
Oliver said the shooter had an accent.
Let's get on to every intel agency.
including Border.
Boss.
Focus on Russian. Albanian.
Serbian nationals.
And let's get the e-fit
out to the public.
Yes. boss.
We also now have
another potential witness.
Oliver said he saw a boy on a bike
outside the house
shortly before the shooting.
So. let's go back through CCTV.
traffic cameras. dashcam footage.
This is a priority. yeah?
We need to find this kid.
Lisa.
will you give the lads a hand with that?
Boss. yeah.
But it's not just a question
of who pulled the trigger. is it?
If this was a professional hit.
we need to find out who ordered it.
Now. one possibility
is that it was work-related.
a disgruntled client. a deal gone wrong.
But going through the court records
is going to take forever.
Med. I want you to go down
to the law firm.
Legally. they don't have to play ball.
But let's see if they'll
give us access to their files.
Especially Stephen's. Yeah?
Every case he was working on.
You don't need them. Dad. Honestly.
You can come with us.
I can drive my own car.
Where's my keys? How am I going to...
They should be there.
I hang them on the thing.
Bloody dog!
- Come on. Dad.
You're going to make us late for work.
Right. that's it.
Forget it. I'm not going.
Abbie...
Abbie!
- What?
You know what.
- Rob...
Don't you think
we should at least talk about it?
Wait. let me think. No.
You're as bad as Mum.
You could at least give him
a chance. hear what he's got to say.
What. listen to his lies.
listen to his bullshit?
You don't know that.
- I know him.
It's different for you.
You don't know what he was like.
You don't remember.
- Of course I do.
Of course I remember.
The last time we saw him.
A picnic in Heysham.
He taught me how to skim stones.
He was brilliant and I was shit.
But it didn't matter.
Do you want to know what that
was about. the picnic in Heysham?
He was meant to take us camping.
Me and you. a week in the Lake District.
He'd arranged it all with Mum.
It gonna be our summer holiday.
Only. he arrived late.
Said that he couldn't get time off work.
So he took us for a picnic instead.
For an hour.
On a windy beach.
By a nuclear power station.
That's who he is. Rob. That's Dad.
What if he's changed?
People don't change.
Yeah. they do. Of course they do.
Why is he even here? What does he want?
I don't know.
Maybe we should ask him.
It's not like...
he's going to stay around anyway.
He never does.
Just forget about him.
How?
Abbie!
- Rob...
Oh. hi. Hi. Claire.
Are you OK?
Yeah. just family stuff.
Tell me about it.
Yeah. Yeah. I know.
- No. I mean...
tell me about it.
Actually tell me about it.
I know we don't have
an automatic right to anything.
but we need your help here.
Look. it's just not possible.
OK. obviously.
we could go through court records.
but it'd be much quicker
and easier if you'd just...
We'll cooperate in any way we can.
but there are very strict rules
about legal privilege
and client confidentiality.
I can't just hand over our files.
I'm sorry. I wish I could.
Because. obviously. we are all
shattered by what's happened.
Yeah. Yeah. of course.
Thanks. Mark.
Look. I don't know.
maybe this boy on the bike
lives in the cul-de-sac
and that's why we can't see him.
No. I don't think so.
All the residents
have been accounted for.
Hey. how did you get on?
About as well as you'd expect.
Brick wall. How about you?
We've gone back through the CCTV.
There's no sign of a kid on a bike.
Do you think Oliver
could've got it wrong?
Maybe. but...
Look. let's get back down there
and check the place out.
Oh. I'll give you a shout in a bit.
Let's try this one more time...
Right...
Oliver saw him from the house.
but he didn't come off the main road.
So. where did he come from?
There must be another way in and out.
Right...
Oh. hang on. Over here.
Stu. there's a ginnel
off Williamson Road.
Tiny. probably not even on the map.
'Where does it lead?'
Er...
Stay with me. Stu.
I'm going to follow it through.
It comes out onto Clearview Terrace.
And on from there.
Can we widen the search on CCTV?
You've got ten minutes. guys.
You were right.
We found him two streets away
heading into the alleyway
in the direction
of the Marshbrooks' house.
And then. after the shooting.
he comes out onto Clearview Terrace here.
We follow him down the street.
Then...
...pick him up again
on the next street. Tilbrook.
But then we lose him after that.
Right. Right. hold up.
Bring the other ones back up again.
OK. so he's making his way
to the Marshbrooks' house.
And then here.
when he comes out of the ginnel.
Wait. go back. Pause it. Zoom in.
Right. look. look.
He's carrying something.
He didn't have it on the way there.
so he must have picked it up
at the scene.
Right. he still has it there.
Now. go back and check the last one.
Right. it's gone.
He dumped it.
Right. get this cordoned off.
- Sir.
Get these dogs out.
Let's work north to south. yeah?
Guys...
There's someone here to see you.
Come on in. Lyn.
I shouldn't even be here.
- It's OK. We don't bite.
Just have a seat.
- Yeah. what can we do for you. Lyn?
Can I speak to you in confidence?
Of course. yeah. Of course.
If Mark knew I was here.
if he knew I was talking to you...
Lyn. what is it? What's wrong?
This could cost me my job.
If it helps.
If it helps find whoever killed Stephen.
This is what you were looking for.
Every client we've worked with
since Stephen joined the company.
Look. sorry to be
Little Miss Textbook about it.
but anything we get under the radar.
we're not going to be able
to use in court.
But if it leads us to something
else. something we could use...
We could bring the source unit
in on this.
She's really shaky. boss.
She's just not going to go for it.
OK. Give it here.
It's going to have to be authorised.
- No. Bollocks to that.
It takes forever.
I'll use my own laptop.
We keep this between us. Yes?
Here we go...
Bingo!
No. wait. hang on. Go back.
To the As.
She said this was the whole client list.
But it's not. My dad's not on it.
Your dad?
- Yeah. Phil Armstrong.
When he died. they dealt with
the estate. Bradwell and Marshbrook.
They took care of everything.
So. how come he's not on there?
Could it be a mistake. a clerical error?
No. Lyn said that this was everything.
OK. get back down there.
We can't touch anything work-related.
but we can go through
any personal effects
Stephen had at the office.
And have a word with Lyn
while you're at it.
Yeah.
Oh. there's no point taking
both cars. I'll drive.
Yes. boss.
No. I just meant I'd give you a lift
and...
Lisa. I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
Lisa...
Lisa!
Can you just give me a minute?
You've come to my home.
And now you've come to my work.
What the fuck?
Look. I don't want a row.
I'm not here for that.
Good. Sling your hook. then!
Can't we just talk. like grown-ups?
Like grown-ups?
Well. grown-ups don't just fucking
rock up out of the blue after years
without even so much as
the common decency to pick up...
Do you know what. I've said
everything I need to say to you.
Just fuck off. Andy. yeah?
You'll have to face it sooner
or later. I'm not going anywhere.
You can't just pretend I'm not here.
that I don't exist. Lisa!
OK.
Everything all right?
- Oh. fine.
You're probably wondering...
- No. no.
That was my ex. the kids' dad.
Right. Because I was wondering.
Well. he left.
And now he's back.
From outer space.
Not to get all fucking Gloria Gaynor
about it.
Do you want to talk about it?
Are you going to FLO me?
Everything's under control.
No. no. We're not here
for Stephen's work files.
Only his personal effects.
- Whatever you need.
Thanks. Mark. Thank you.
Right...
Erm. we're going to be going
through Stephen's stuff
at the house as well.
Is there likely to be anything
work-related there?
I doubt it. Rose wouldn't stand for that.
Med...
- Mm?
Could you maybe
just start bagging this stuff up?
I'm just gonna nip to the loo.
Of course.
- Sorry.
The list you gave us. it's not complete.
There are clients missing.
- I gave you everything I have.
Where did you get it from?
- From Stephen. They were his files.
Listen. the only thing I can think
of is...
...if they're Bill's clients.
he keeps his own records.
He's the only one who has access.
Look. I'm trying to help his family here.
I'm sorry. I know. I know.
Because family was everything to Stephen.
Every day. six o'clock sharp.
he'd be out that door.
so he could go home and be with them.
That's who he was.
A family man.
'Find!'
Let's have a look.
Go on. then.
The gun we've recovered
is a Glock semi-automatic.
No fingerprints.
Early indications from the lab are
that the striations on the bullets
recovered from Stephen Marshbrook's
body are a match.
And the gun was dumped by this lad.
We've enhanced the images
as much as we can.
Karen. can you get on to social services.
see if anyone recognises him?
- Yeah.
This boy is no longer just a witness.
but a key person of interest.
Rob...
Rob!
I just want to talk to you. mate.
Give me five minutes.
If you don't like
what I've got to say. fine.
That's fine. you walk away.
All right. go on.
- Where are you going?
Are you heading home? Do you want a lift?
Oh. it's all right.
just get that on the floor.
It's just till I get things sorted.
I'm seeing a flat tomorrow. as it goes.
Belt up.
Look. I don't know
what your mum's said about me.
Why are you back?
Er. to see you. You and Abbie.
Why?
- Because I'm your dad.
Yeah. but why now?
Because I've missed too much. mate.
I've missed too much of your lives.
I don't want to miss any more.
Oh. erm...
I'm sorry. About last night.
About Mum and Abbie. It's just...
Oh. try and see it
from their point of view.
I turn up out of the blue like that.
It's bound to be a shock. innit?
Are you hungry?
Do you fancy some chips or?
Yeah.
Yeah?
- Yeah. chips would be good.
Chips it is. then.
Bye.
Boss.
- Yeah?
The boy on the bike...
- What about him?
I've just heard from Social.
I've got a positive ID.
They're on their system.
And he...
...is a she.
This is her. This is Cassie.
She came to us 18 months ago.
And what age is she?
- 12.
And you've no idea where she is now?
No. but she'll be back.
She always comes back.
She's a good kid at heart.
Yeah.
- Yes. she is! Isn't she?
Go on. go to Ian.
- Oh!
Shall we sit here?
I mean. she's had her problems
in the past. but she's no trouble.
Not really.
She looks out for the little ones.
really takes them under her wing.
Doesn't she. Ella?
- Yeah!
She knows what it's like for them.
She's learned the hard way.
Been in care most of her life.
But...
...I really think she's turned a
corner since she's been with us.
Where does she hang out.
if she's out with her mates. say?
I don't know. really.
I mean. it used to be the youth club.
But after that shut down...
There's nowhere for kids to go.
Not round here.
Can I keep these?
Yeah. sure.
- Look. erm...
as soon as she gets back.
as soon as you hear from her.
can you give us a ring?
Of course. yeah.
Look. what's she done?
Come on. you can tell me.
I'm your old man.
I won't say a word. I promise.
Cross my heart. hope to die.
Yeah. all right.
Her name's Claire.
Yeah. but we're not even going out.
We're just...
- Yeah?
...mates.
That's my boy!
Rob. get in the car.
I haven't finished my chips.
- Just get in the car.
Let the lad finish his chips. eh?
Come on.
What did he say? What did you talk about?
Nothing. Just school. Just normal stuff.
I don't want him filling your head
full of crap.
Just leave it. will you?
I'm not angry with you.
- Yeah. you are.
I'm not. I'm angry with him.
going behind my back.
It wasn't like that.
- What was it like?
He's my dad.
I know he's your dad.
Obviously. you're under
no obligation to give us your files.
But if there is anything
that might help with the case...
You don't have to tell me
about the law. son.
It's been my life. the law.
In here.
Fill your boots.
_
It's Mark and Stella's doing.
They think I'm daft.
Well. I'll leave you to it.
We won't need much longer today.
- OK. thanks.
Sorry to keep you. Oliver.
He's doing really well. you know.
He'll never be the same. though. will he?
I mean. not really.
After seeing something like that.
how can he ever get over that?
Well. kids are resilient.
You'd be amazed
what I've seen in this job.
And he's got you.
He's got a loving family.
Kids can cope with a lot.
as long as they're loved.
They were so close. though.
him and his dad.
I mean. not that he was around much.
Stephen.
But when he was...
Erm. how come he wasn't around?
Oh. he was always working.
You know. I work. too.
but only part-time.
With Stephen. it was like...
Well. that was his life.
He worked all hours. late nights.
weekends.
But when he was there.
he made the most of it with Oliver.
And now he's only got me and...
- Rose...
Come on.
Rose?
- Hi.
How's Oliver doing?
Er...
Can I go and check?
- Yeah. sure. Go on.
Do you just want to have a seat. Stella?
OK.
How is she?
- It's early days. but she's. erm...
She's stronger than she thinks she is.
Ah. she'd need to be.
- Why do you say that?
Just...
You know.
Stella. trust me. there's nothing
I haven't heard before.
She's just been through a lot.
that's all.
Let's just say Stephen
wasn't the easiest man in the world
to be married to.
He'd have liked you. though.
You're just his type.
Hey. Come here. Oh!
How about we get a cheeky ice cream?
Wouldn't that be nice?
- Well done. mate.
See you soon. OK?
OK. Med. anything on the family?
Er. Bill's given us access
to a whole range of stuff.
There's so much to get through.
we've only scratched the surface.
But we've shown up some discrepancies
in Stephen's movements.
Erm. his colleague. Lyn.
she said that he left the office
at six on the dot every night.
that he was a real family man.
But later Rose said
that he was a workaholic.
that he stayed late at the office
every night.
You think he was doing the dirty?
- Judging from what Stella said.
he had a bit of a roving eye.
See what you can find out.
You know. look into his routine.
Where was he during that time?
Who was he with?
What was he doing?
Gym.
Yeah. he's got a gym appointment
every Thursday.
OK.
Urgh!
Blokes.
Rank.
Go on. what's that?
The card hasn't been used in a fortnight.
Hey. Gina!
Are you sure?
His diary said he was here
last week. Thursday night.
Well. there's nothing showing up.
OK. Can you access the gym
without using your pass?
No. You have to swipe it to get through.
Thanks.
Abbie...
Abbie. table five. Chop-chop.
What do you want?
Well. er. let's see...
I'm not talking about food.
I just wanted to see you.
Yeah. well. you've seen me now. so...
What kind of service do you call that?
You wait till TripAdvisor
hears about this.
Look. I just wanted to talk
because last night
didn't exactly go according to plan.
I saw Rob today.
And I thought. if I could just talk
to you. both of you.
on your own without Mum.
I could explain everything
from my point of view.
So. that's the plan. then. is it?
Pick us off one by one.
start with the weak link.
That is no way to talk
about your brother.
Yeah. funny.
Excuse me while I die from laughing.
You are so like your mum.
So. why now? You've never shown
any interest in us before.
That's not true.
All those Christmases.
all those birthdays...
You never gave us a second thought.
You never gave a shit.
Is that what she said. is it?
Is that what she told you. your mum?
Right...
She told me to stay away.
She told me to stay out of your lives.
What?
Er. is there a problem?
Erm... No. it's fine. it's just...
No. no problem. mate. It's my mistake.
Right.
I'm sorry. I'll...
Yeah.
Hiya.
- Hey.
Are you all right. love?
Ah!
What brings you here?
- Oh. don't need an excuse. do I?
No. Of course not.
Erm. do you want a cup of tea?
I did say. I did offer.
- Yeah.
No. I don't want to put you
to any trouble.
Don't be daft.
How's Tom?
- Tom's good. yeah.
So. how are things with you?
Er. yeah. you know. Just. erm...
The same old. same old.
Nothing strange or startling?
Erm...
No. No. just work. You know. the usual.
Boss...
Oh. sorry!
The boys said you were in here.
Er. no. you're all right. What's up?
It's Cassie.
A call from the foster parents.
She's back.
I'm not stopping!
I'm just getting some stuff.
Cass. calm down. listen to me.
If you're in trouble.
if you've done something...
Cassie. I'm Detective Manning.
You're fucking kidding me!
- Cassie...
You're under arrest!
Cassie!
Get back-up.
Control from DS Hobson.
Assistance required.
SIREN WAILS. TYRES SCREECH
She's on foot!
Cassie!
Hey. come on...
- Get off me!
Cassie.
- Urgh!
Get off me! Get your hands off me!
Calm down.
I'm sure it's a misunderstanding.
Yeah. if we could just speak to Cassie.
Cass.
All right. Cass...
Is this you?
Only. it looks like you.
It looks like your bike.
It's a cracking bike. that.
Where did you get it?
Are you supposed to be the nice one?
Is that it?
Cass. please...
Just answer the question.
You police are not supposed to touch me.
You grabbed me.
You put your hands all over me.
You were resisting arrest.
We restrained you. that's all.
I'm reporting youse. fucking paedophiles.
Cassie!
Is this you?
I'm saying nothing.
What were you carrying?
- I'm saying nothing.
Look. we're trying to help you here.
Cass.
Why?
What are you going to do to me?
You can't send me to prison. can you?
So. what are you gonna do?
Tell my mum and dad?
I haven't got a mum and dad.
Going to put me in care?
I'm already in care.
- You know...
you do a lot of talking
for someone who's not talking.
You're funny.
I was waiting for you to call me.
How did you get home?
I walked.
Abbie. I don't want you
walking home at night. love.
Are you OK?
Did Dad want us?
What?
You said that. erm...
...he stayed away
cos he didn't give a shit about us.
Ah.
- But that. that's not true. is it?
What did he say?
Abbie...
- Forget it.
- No. forget it.
You have an eight-hour rest period.
We'll talk again in the morning.
This is a right shithole.
What did you expect. the Midland Hotel?
You can't treat me like this.
I'm a kid.
OK.
What can we get for you?
A bucket of chicken.
Giant fries. And a Coke float.
Night. Cass.
And another blanket.
It's bloody freezing in here!
I'm going to tell you
what I think happened.
I think someone sent you to pick up
the gun.
I think you were probably meant
to drop it off somewhere.
Only. you didn't.
You panicked.
You know. I don't blame you.
You'd just seen a man die.
So. you...
You chucked it.
you dumped it and took off.
Am I right?
Only...
...you know what that all adds up to.
don't you. Cass?
Possession of a loaded firearm.
to say the very least.
But we're probably looking at...
Aiding and abetting a murder.
And I'm sorry. but you are
old enough to be charged.
So. why...
Why don't you do yourself a favour?
Do us all a favour...
...and tell us who put you up to this.
I'm not saying nothing.
I don't blame you for being scared. Cass.
I'd be scared. too.
I'm not scared.
Then tell us who it was.
Cassie...
This is really serious. love.
Please...
I'm not saying... nothing.
Well. she is being uncooperative.
to say the least.
But she knows more than she's letting on.
So. we're going to keep her in.
keep talking to her.
until she tells us
who she was working for.
We've also been looking into
Stephen Marshbrook's finances. right?
Yeah. We're still going through it.
But one thing that has cropped up
is a recent payment of two grand
to one Chris McGregor.
But we're still trying to figure out
who he is.
OK. Keep us posted.
What about you two. anything to add?
Only that Stephen
definitely wasn't at the gym
in the days running up to his murder.
Right.
OK. talk to Rose.
But go easy. yeah?
You know. if he was playing away.
she may not have known about it.
Yeah.
Hey!
What are you doing here?
- Oh. that's nice.
What kind of greeting do you call that?
I'm working.
All right. don't worry. I'll pay my way.
Another guest? Aren't you popular!
What did he mean by that?
Nothing.
Look. what do you want. Gran?
- Well. what do you recommend?
Leaving.
Honestly. I don't know.
It used to be that we could talk
to each other in this family.
What is it?
It's nothing. I'm just... I'm busy.
Abbie. you promised me.
if anything happened at home.
if it all got too much for Mum.
you promised me you would let me know.
Yeah. but...
- What is it?
I'm...
I'm not supposed to tell you.
How long were you together.
you and Stephen?
25 years last year.
25 years...
That's a long time.
How did you meet?
Oh. er...
He came to work for the company.
Ah...
Office romance.
Why are you asking me this?
I'm trying to get a complete picture.
You said you had kids.
Mm. yeah. two.
A boy and a girl.
Are you married?
I used to be. It didn't work out.
It isn't easy.
But when you share kids
with someone. then...
there's always something between you.
there's always something there...
...whether you like it or not.
Hey. it's me.
Look. where are you?
Why are you here?
This is my home.
I'm Sandgrown. same as you.
- No. that's bollocks.
You never gave two shits about
this place. Why are you here? Why?
Because Mum died.
I'm sorry. I didn't know.
Yeah. it's...
It's not like we were...
But it's made me think.
Because she was the last
of the family and. erm...
...and whatever's happened in the past...
...they're still my kids.
I have a right...
- Er. no. No. no. no.
You don't have rights here. Andy.
I brought those kids up on my own.
I had to be two parents to those kids.
I had to be two parents to those
kids when you were here.
And do you know what. I've fucked up.
I've dropped the ball sometimes.
You can't do that. can you?
Well. you did a good job.
I mean. they're great kids. man!
What the...? How do you know?
Well. because...
- You've no idea who they are.
You've no idea what they've been through.
You didn't have to listen to Abbie
crying herself to sleep
or Rob asking
when his daddy was coming home.
I stood there.
with a five-year-old and a six-year-old.
holding their hands.
on the worst day of my life.
we stood there waiting for you
so we could bury my dad.
And where were you?
And then to have to go round our friends.
asking how much you'd cadged
off them. how much you owed.
Do you have any idea
how humiliating that was? Do you?
You can't just swan back in now.
as if it's all forgiven.
it's all in the past or something.
It's not forgiven. It never will be.
I'm not asking you to forgive me. am I?
Good.
- I'm not expecting that.
That's not why I'm here.
But they're still my kids.
No. you say that. You say that.
and you might stick around for a bit.
pretending to be Super Dad
until it gets hard.
and then off you'll pop again.
- No. Not this time. Leese.
You can't just be there.
turn up when it's easy. Andy.
You're meant to be there
for them when it's hard.
You're meant to be there when it's messy.
I know. I know.
And that's... That's what I want. now.
You...
But it's not up to me.
at the end of the day. is it?
If they want to see you...
If... If they want to see you...
...I won't stand in the way. but...
- OK.
But there have to be rules.
It has to be up-front.
No sneaking around.
no going behind my back.
If you're going to be in their life.
it's going to be on my fucking terms.
Do you hear me?
Yeah. yeah. I hear you.
- Good.
Hey.
Yeah. that 2K paid
from Stephen Marshbrook's
personal account to Chris McGregor.
Stu and Eddie have tracked him down.
It turns out he's a forensic accountant.
Mr McGregor.
Thanks for coming in.
No. it's. erm...
Anything I can do to help.
We understand that you were hired
by Stephen Marshbrook
to look into the company finances.
That's right.
But Stephen's company
has a long-standing relationship
with an accountancy firm in town.
Regular audits.
So. why bring you in?
And why was he paying you
from his personal account?
I suppose...
...because he wanted to keep it quiet.
Why?
- He'd come across some...
discrepancies in the company accounts.
What kind of discrepancies?
He thought somebody
was stealing from the company.
Skimming off the top.
And he wanted to find out who it was.
Only. he said I had to be discreet.
Why?
Because he thought
it was somebody in the family.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm